# GroupMe API

GroupMe API is a C++ library that makes life simpler for developers trying to integrade GroupMe into their C++ application. This library provides a simple and effective way to send requests, upload attachments, and more to the GroupMe servers using their public API.

## Reasoning behind this project
I was facinated with the Matrix service, and how it was able to bridge many platforms to it so I wanted to make my own bridge. But alas! What would I bridge? What about that application that I barely use aside from band! Then I could uninstall it, and have less apps on my phone. I was also itching for a project, one that was more professional than my others.

I aim to make this library the best project I have ever made before.

## Features
Development is still happening, features will be added!

 - Concurrency (via [cpprestsdk](https://github.com/microsoft/cpprestsdk))
 - Attachment uploading
   - [x] Pictures
   - [x] Images
   - [x] Files
   - [ ] Location
   - [ ] Emojis
 - [ ] Direct Messages
 - [ ] Group Chats
 - [x] Authentication
 - [ ] Bots

## Documentation
Documentation is generated by Doxygen, and will be later hosted on GitHub pages.

## Installation

### Prerequisites
 - [nlohmann json](https://github.com/nlohmann/json)
 - [cpprestsdk](https://github.com/microsoft/cpprestsdk)

### Source build
***This project uses CMake as a buildsystem generator, so make sure you have that installed.***

First clone the repository and navigate to it
```
git clone https://github.com/proatgram/GroupMe-API
cd GroupMe-API/
```

Then create a build directory and configure CMake
```
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ..
```

\* CMake will automatically generate a Make based build system, if you prefer something else set the build system via the command-line argument `-G 'GENERATOR'`

See [Introduction to CMake Buildsystems](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake.1.html#introduction-to-cmake-buildsystems) for more information.

Once CMake generates the buildsystem you can build it using the chosen buildsystem

If you used the `Unix Makefiles` build system for example
```
make && make install
```

### Package manager Installation
This is to be determined (as in we haven't gotten that far yet :D)

## Acknowledgements
Thanks to [@AndersonYe](https://github.com/AndsonYe) for the implemtation of a Multipart Encoder for the cpprestsdk! I could not get it to work for the life of me.

A huge thanks to the libraries used for this project, cpprestsdk and nlohmann-json!
